README.md, before:

# Terraform Provider for Digital Rebar v4.4+

- Hashicorp Website: https://www.terraform.io
- RackN Website: https://rackn.com
- Digital Rebar: http://rackn.com/rebar

## NOT Usage Documentation!

This page is about building, NOT about using, the provider! DRP Terraform Provider documentation is maintained with the project integrations documentation, please see https://docs.rackn.io/en/latest/doc/integrations/terraform.html

## Build Requirements

- [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) 0.13.x
- [Go](https://golang.org/doc/install) 1.13 (to build the provider plugin)
- Digital Rebar terraform/[params] in system (can be imported from RackN content)

## Building The Provider

Clone repository to: `$GOPATH/src/gitlab.com/rackn/terraform-provider-drp`

```sh
$ mkdir -p $GOPATH/src/gitlab.com/rackn; cd $GOPATH/src/gitlab.com/rackn
$ git clone git@gitlab.com:rackn/terraform-provider-drp
```

Enter the provider directory and build the provider

```sh
$ cd $GOPATH/src/gitlab.com/rackn/terraform-provider-drp
$ make build
```

## Building The Provider (v0.13+)

v0.13+ requres use of the required_providers stanza for your your OS and architecture! Then it will infer the cache path. You must copy your build output to the correct cache path.

```sh
$ mkdir -p .terraform/plugins/rackn/drp/2.0/linux_amd64
$ ln -s bin/linux/amd64/terraform-provider-drp .terraform/plugins/extras.rackn.io/rackn/drp/2.0.0/linux_amd64
```

## Tests

At this time, no tests are available for the provider.

## Requirements for the Digital Rebar Provision (DRP) provider

DRP Terraform Provider documentation is maintained with the project integrations documentation, please see https://provision.readthedocs.io/en/tip/doc/integrations/terraform.html

The DRP Terraform Provider uses the DRP v4.4+ Pooling API to allocate and release
machines from pools.

By design, the only limited state is exposed via this provider. This prevents Terraform state from overriding or changing DRP machine information.

The Terraform Provider update interactions are limited to the allocation/release methods.

The Terraform Provider can read additional fields ("computed" valutes) when requesting inventory. In this way, users find additional characteristics; however, these are
added to the provider carefully.

# To create and upload the 3rd party registery

See registery/readme.md

Commit message:

Update README.md for repo state

README.md, after:

# DEPRECATED - MOVED

This repo is closed and deprecated.

The actual code repo is in [Gitlab](https://gitlab.com/rackn/terraform-provider-drp).

The mirrored repo is in [Github](https://github.com/rackn/terraform-provider-drp).

To convert to the official provider.

- Change the digitalrebar/drp references to rackn/drp


# Terraform Provider for Digital Rebar v4.4+

- Hashicorp Website: https://www.terraform.io
- RackN Website: https://rackn.com
- Digital Rebar: http://rackn.com/rebar

## NOT Usage Documentation!

This page is about building, NOT about using, the provider! DRP Terraform Provider documentation is maintained with the project integrations documentation, please see https://docs.rackn.io/en/latest/doc/integrations/terraform.html

## Build Requirements

- [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) 0.13.x
- [Go](https://golang.org/doc/install) 1.13 (to build the provider plugin)
- Digital Rebar terraform/[params] in system (can be imported from RackN content)

## Building The Provider

Clone repository to: `$GOPATH/src/gitlab.com/rackn/terraform-provider-drp`

```sh
$ mkdir -p $GOPATH/src/gitlab.com/rackn; cd $GOPATH/src/gitlab.com/rackn
$ git clone git@gitlab.com:rackn/terraform-provider-drp
```

Enter the provider directory and build the provider

```sh
$ cd $GOPATH/src/gitlab.com/rackn/terraform-provider-drp
$ make build
```

## Building The Provider (v0.13+)

v0.13+ requres use of the required_providers stanza for your your OS and architecture! Then it will infer the cache path. You must copy your build output to the correct cache path.

```sh
$ mkdir -p .terraform/plugins/rackn/drp/2.0/linux_amd64
$ ln -s bin/linux/amd64/terraform-provider-drp .terraform/plugins/extras.rackn.io/rackn/drp/2.0.0/linux_amd64
```

## Tests

At this time, no tests are available for the provider.

## Requirements for the Digital Rebar Provision (DRP) provider

DRP Terraform Provider documentation is maintained with the project integrations documentation, please see https://provision.readthedocs.io/en/tip/doc/integrations/terraform.html

The DRP Terraform Provider uses the DRP v4.4+ Pooling API to allocate and release
machines from pools.

By design, the only limited state is exposed via this provider. This prevents Terraform state from overriding or changing DRP machine information.

The Terraform Provider update interactions are limited to the allocation/release methods.

The Terraform Provider can read additional fields ("computed" valutes) when requesting inventory. In this way, users find additional characteristics; however, these are
added to the provider carefully.

# To create and upload the 3rd party registery

See registery/readme.md
